                                  CLASS_DUMMY plug-in

1 Description

Put here a general introduction to your plugin, with references to underlying algorithm. 
List all input values needed for classification ("classification features"), pointing to 
TIE provided feature names and related CLI options.

E.g.:

class_dummy is a plug-in developed to work inside TIE platform to classify IP traffic using 
some kind of inspection technique. It is based upon a new/well knowo algorithm algorithm 
(point to References section) called dummy_algorithm.

To perform classification, class_dummy needs the Packet Sizes of the first n packets (TIE 
option -p <n>).

1.2 Signatures

 Usually a classification plugin uses some kind of data base (string patterns, rules list, 
 decision parameters) to make its decisions. Such data base should be separated from the 
 plugin module and usually made of one or more "signature" file(s), that MUST be completely
 managed by the plugin itself.
 
 Describe here what kind of signature your plugin works with. Explain signatures meaning and
 format, and how it is used by your plugin algorithm.

1.3 Classification process

 Describe here, in detail, how your plugin implements the classification process, highlighting 
 different phases, main data structures and algorithm steps.

1.4 Training process

 Describe in detail how your plugin implements the training process (if it does it), 
 highlighting different phases, main data structures and algorithm steps.

2 Configuration file

If your plugins uses a configuration file, report here naming convenctions, file structure
and syntax. Then list all available configuration parameters, theri meaning, 
accepted values and default values.

3 Signature file

Describe here the characteristics of signature file(s) used by your plugin: file naming
conventions, file structure, meaning of entries, how it has been created, how to modify it.

4 References

List here papers, web-sites, software and other references related to your plugin and 
similar applications.
